$Id: FAQ 43 2007-04-27 11:07:17Z slay $

   yersinia FAQ

   INDEX


1. General Questions:

   1.1 Where can I get help?
   1.2 Where did the name come from?
   1.3 How do you dare to implement a tool for doing nasty things?
   1.4 Wtf? This crappy software does not run in Windows.

2. Downloading yersinia:

   2.1 Where can I download yersinia?

3. Building yersinia:

   3.1 How can I build yersinia?
   3.2 How can I compile yersinia on Mac OSX?
   3.3 When will be the 'put_your_preferred_os_here' supported?

4. Installing yersinia:

   4.1 How can I install yersinia?

5. Using yersinia:

   5.1 I've resized my window and yersinia is displaying crappy data!
   5.2 There are some fields in the packet that don't display their meaning!
   5.3 I'm unable to switch between the different protocol windows!!
   5.4 Why the hell the ncurses interface has a lot more options than the
       Cisco interface?
   5.5 Arrgggghhh!!! The proggy crashes 'ad infinitum', is this a f*ck*n'
       sh*t?
   5.6 I can't see thouse fancy colours in Yersinia

6. Personal questions:

   6.1 Who are you?
   6.2 You are so handsome!!! I want to meet you in real life.




1. General Questions

   Q 1.1: Where can I get help?

   A: There is no official support for yersinia, but you can try to 
      send an e-mail to yersinia _-AT-_ yersinia_-DOT-_ net and wait
      if something happens. 


   Q 1.2: Where did the name come from?

   A: No other bacteria, perhaps organism, had so much of an effect on 
      human history as Yersinia pestis, the bacteria that causes plague. 
      Many outbreaks of plague have caused death and population reduction 
      throughout history. The most famous, however, was the notorious Black 
      Death of medeival times that killed one third of the population of 
      14th century Europe. People watched their family and friends die with 
      sickly buboes (swollen lymph nodes) on their necks and a color near 
      black all over their bodies, caused by respiratory failure. People who 
      contracted the disease and were unable to fight it off died within 
      three to five days.

      (taken from http://members.aol.com/omaryak/plague/)


    Q 1.3 How do you dare to implement a tool for doing nasty things?

    A: Hey! take it easy. We are pen-testers, so we need this little proggie
       for making chaos in our customers networks. Running yersinia to do 
       "bad things" is not recommended and could cause inestability and 
       serious troubles to your health.


    Q: 1.4 Wtf? This crappy software does not run in Windows.

    A: No, it does certainly not. Perhaps some nice fellow could port 
       yersinia to Windows and make you happy.


2. Downloading yersinia

   Q 2.1: Where can I download yersinia?

   A: Try http://www.yersinia.net, downloads section.



3. Building yersinia

   Q 3.1: How can I build yersinia?

   A: Do a './configure', and then 'make'

   
   Q 3.2: How can I compile yersinia on Mac OSX?

   A: Install XCode, Darwin ports, and the following ports:
      autoconf
      automake
      expat
      gettext
      glib2-devel
      libiconv
      libnet11
      libpcap
      pkgconfig @0.21_0 (active)


   Q 3.3: When will be the 'put_your_preferred_os_here' supported?

   A: When someone (like you) help us compiling and patching Yersinia



4. Installing yersinia

   Q 4.1: How can I install yersinia?

   A: Do a 'make install'



5. Using yersinia

   Q 5.1: I've resized my window and yersinia is displaying crappy data!

   A: Please press Ctrl+L to clear and refresh the screen


   Q 5.2: There are some fields in the packet that don't display their meaning!

   A: Please, use the best tool for dissecting packets: ethereal.


   Q 5.3: I'm unable to switch between different protocol windows!!

   A: To switch between protocol windows you must use the function keys.
      Unfortunately the way function keys works is different with different
      terminal emulations. If you have problems with the function keys
      enable some other function keys emulation in your client terminal
      software, e.g.: On PuTTY select Terminal -> Keyboard and mark "The
      Function Keys and keypad" as "Xterm R6".
 

   Q 5.4: Why the hell the ncurses interface has a lot more options than the
          Cisco interface?

   A: Man... we are developing this proggy out of work time, it's just a
      matter of time... Anyway you can try to help us... :)
   

   Q 5.5: Arrgggghhh!!! The proggy crashes 'ad infinitum', is this a f*ck*n'
          sh*t?

   A: First of all thanks a lot for your invaluable opinion... :-P
      On the other hand, we are *NOT* professional developers... By the way,
      have you noticed the proggy version (0.5.x)? :-P
      Anyway you can send us a patch solving the problem and you will get
      your 5 minutes of fame... :D


    Q 5.6: I can't see thouse fancy colours in Yersinia

    A: Set your $TERM to pcvt25, little prairie dog
    


6. Personal questions:

   Q 6.1: Who are you?

   A: A couple of good friends and coworkers who enjoy a lot to play within
      the network security field. By the way we like a lot the spanish food.
      :D.


   Q 6.2 You are so handsome!!! I want to meet you in real life.

   A: Girls are welcome. But take into account the following sentence:
      'If you spend more time sharpening your axe, you'll spend less time 
      chopping wood'
